**Journal Entry Started At 6:20 PM EST on June 10th**

I had my first decent sleep in a long while (7.5 hours with 1+ hour of REM sleep and 1+ hour of deep sleep according to my watch). Also pretty sure I dreamed of my Mom last night, but I forget the context and really the dream itself (I think seeing her in my dreams makes me even more sad because I wake up that it's not real).

It took me around 2 - 3 hours to get out of bed. I've just been exhausted and I've felt sick, like aching pains all throughout my body and just heavily fatigued. I also realized I hadn't been eating or drinking much.

I ended up forcing myself out of bed to clean my bed sheets and room. I also decided to eat a bit better (ordered some healthier food) and drink some water. I tried playing a video game (Resident Evil 5) for a bit, but the fatigue overwhelmed me pretty quickly. Since my bed sheets were being cleaned, I went downstairs and laid on the couch with a blanket. My house has a ceiling window and I just laid on the couch looking through the window and watching the clouds go by. At this time, I was just hoping for some sort of sign or something that my Mom would send through the clouds to tell me she was okay. I tried being delusional with some clouds I saw and told myself "wait that's an angel, it's a sign!" to attempt to make me feel better, but the reality was it didn't look anything like it.

30 or so minutes later, I went back upstairs onto my computer and just kept browsing FaceBook and constantly kept going back to my Mom's profile. Up until this point, I hadn't cried all day, but as I said before, I've just felt sick and fatigued (just exhausted all together which is the worst feeling). I forget what led to these events, but I had a sudden urge to hear my Mom's original voice which I hadn't heard in months since her voice wasn't the same in the last 3 months due to the cancer. I went through my phone and found a video of when we were chasing a thunderstorm in May of 2024 when coming home from Tennessee. I was talking in the video and saying things, but I never heard her voice (I think she was talking too low). I then found a video on FaceBook of her giving a tour of a house and when I heard her voice and her sweet laugh, I had the most intense wave of grief yet. I balled my eyes out for a good 20 - 30 minutes. Since then, I've put my cleaned bed sheets onto the bed, told my Dad and brother I was probably going to sleep early tonight since I was exhausted, and then went into bed. I am now here writing this journal entry (the first journal entry I've written the same day/time).

I just keep hoping she'll come back or this all is some sort of nightmare. I still can't believe she's gone. Balling my eyes out earlier did help a bit because I think I was holding in so many emotions the last couple of days without realizing it. So I do feel a bit better than before now.

Not sure what I'm going to do the rest of the night. Probably try to stay up a little longer and then sleep. Maybe work on the other log entries? It's hard working on the other journal entries prior since every day feels like a blur, but I'll try my best.