After waking up at around 9:00 AM, I brushed my teeth and went to take a shower. The day prior, my grief counselor told me she was going to be at the hospital this day at 10:30 - 11:00 AM. She planned to just talk to me there to see how I was doing and also go over a wholesome grief project for my Mom where you take pieces of my Mom's clothing and make a teddy bear out of it. I thought this was a sweet idea and my Mom would have loved that given how emotionally invested she was in an [stuffed animal teddy bear](../memories/teddy-bear.md) she received as a gift.

As I was in the shower, so many thoughts were running through my head. Is this going to be the last day my Mom is alive? Is there still a very small chance of a miracle? Why did she have to go through all of this pain? I was crying and in so much pain because I didn't know what to expect and I just wanted a miracle.

When I got out of the shower and got dressed, I headed out into the living room where my brother, Kyle, was sitting and he had just gotten off the phone with my Dad (Kyle was sleeping on the couch before I took a shower). He told me to sit down, but right then and there, I knew what he was going to tell me. I said "is she gone?" and he said yes, she passed just 30 minutes ago. Although I expected it to be that day, my brain had issues processing it. I remember walking into the wash and dryer room and just gripping the folded clothes as hard as I could. I started shaking as reality was hitting me and next thing you know, went into a full state of panic. "She can't be dead. No, she can't be, this isn't happening. she can't be dead, this is just a dream". I was saying these things constantly, but queietly. My brother walked in to comfort me, but I told him I'm fine and to just leave me be, but he still tried hugging me. I then went upstairs to my room and started messaging some friends on Discord who were in the loop of everything. I'm still panicking at this point.

I called my Dad and he was at the hospital, but I told him to please come home and he did. He was there like 5 minutes later. The night prior, my Dad's blood pressure was at around 189/102 (which is incredibly high) and while he does take medication for his blood pressure (even got it doubled like a week before this), it's still high. My brother and I were worried and had him call the doctor the day prior to this. The doctor had prescribed Ativan at a low-dose (0.5mg) which is a benzodiazepine that helps with anxiety, panic, and such. At this point, I asked him if he could get the prescription, so my brother went up to CVS and got it. Since hearing of my Mom's death, my heart rate was in the 120s, so when he got back with the prescription, I took one which calmed me down.

I also was talking to my friend Jason who lives right around the corner and has been my childhood friend. I asked him if he could come over and he did. I had also made a post on FaceBook telling everyone that my Mom has passed peacefully.

Jason came to my house first and then my grief counselor arrived shortly after. My sister and her son (my nephew) were coming over as well. The next hard step was breaking the news to my nephew since he was close to my Mom (his grandmother). My nephew has had a troubled childhood and lost his dad at an early age as well.

When they arrived, we all went into my Mom's bedroom and broke the news to him. My brother Kyle was the one who told him and since my nephew is a firm believer of Jesus, Kyle told him that Jesus came and took my Mom. When he was told, you could see he was devastated and a tear came down his eyes, but he then made a joke saying something like "well that wasn't what I was expecting". From here on, he was joking around and messing around with my friend Jason. It's clear to me that my nephew is clearly devastated by this news, but his defense and coping mechanisms kicked in. He didn't want to talk about it and then he went onto the computer to play Team Fortress 2.

From this point on, Jason ordered some pizza (which was really nice of him). The grief counselor stayed for a couple of hours and we all talked about a lot of stuff. I was bringing up a lot of childhood memories and also talked about my time in middle and high school (Jason and I went to the same schools and grew up in the same class). It made me realize I had a lot of past truama that I never addressed and with my Mom's passing, everything was just hitting at once.

Later on, my half-sister, her husband, and baby came over. She didn't have the same Mom as me, but it was still nice she came over for my Dad and us. Personally, when she came, I needed alone time so I went into my backyard and just sat there. At one point, I looked through my house's window and I swear I thought I saw my Mom. However, it was just my sister walking by the window (looked like her from the distance). My heart skipped a beat at this moment and I just got so sad afterwards.

I don't really remember the rest of the day/night. I just remember playing video games on my computer and just feeling like I'm in a nightmare. It wasn't hard to get to sleep, but it sucked.