**Journal Entry Started At 9:59 AM EST on June 11th**

I woke up and had a great nights of sleep (9 hours and 1 minute with 1+ hours of REM sleep and 1+ hours of deep sleep according to my watch). I had really weird dreams and I think my Mom was in them at some point, but once again I just can't remember them (probably a good thing).

It's my Dad's birthday today which is probably really hard for him. I called him and wished him happy birthday. I'm sure he wishes my Mom was here to celebrate with all of us. My brother's friends are coming over in the afternoon to help throw a bunch of heavy stuff out in the house (since we're moving out soon). I think I'm going to go to the house we're moving into and see the progress (they're completely redoing the house).

I fell back to sleep for another hour since I felt so tired still. I finally got myself up, took a shower, and brushed my teeth. I then decided I should get a haircut for the funeral on Monday, so I drove up there and got a level-2 buzzcut (which is what I normally get). I took my Mom's old car since I don't have a car myself (I rarely drive due to working from home in the past, so I never saw the need to pay extra on a car and insurance).

The haircut place was right next to a place called ShopRite. This is a store my Mom went to frequently my entire life to get groceries. Seeing this store when walking into the haircut place made me pretty sad, I remember she used to take me into there when I was little. It also felt weird and very sad driving up to the haircut place since I saw other places and stores we used to visit. I didn't go into the ShopRite though since I think I'd be way too emotional for that. I was able to get my haircut just fine and went straight home to write this part.

I still can't believe she's gone though. I've been thinking that there's a real possibility I won't have her in my life for 1/2 of my lifetime now (and possibly 2/3 depending on how long I live for). Like, that really doesn't sit well with me at all. It just feels so, so, so wrong. I feel like I'm in another timeline and I don't belong in this one.